README.md, before:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|1|[ Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[C++](./solutions/1.%20Two%20Sum.cpp)|12 ms|
|2|[ Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)|[C++](./solutions/2.%20Add%20Two%20Numbers.cpp)|20 ms|
|14|[ Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)|[C++](./solutions/14.%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix.cpp)|9 ms|
|26|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)|[C++](./solutions/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|20 ms|
|35|[ Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)|[C++](./solutions/35.%20Search%20Insert%20Position.cpp)|4 ms|
|69|[ Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/)|[C++](./solutions/69.%20Sqrt(x).cpp)|4 ms|
|83|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/)|[C++](./solutions/83.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List.cpp)|8 ms|
|121|[ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)|[C++](./solutions/121.%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock.cpp)|225 ms|
|125|[ Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)|[C++](./solutions/125.%20Valid%20Palindrome.cpp)|4 ms|
|169|[ Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)|[C++](./solutions/169.%20Majority%20Element.cpp)|29 ms|
|206|[ Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)|[C++](./solutions/206.%20Reverse%20Linked%20List.cpp)|8 ms|
|234|[ Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/)|[C++](./solutions/234.%20Palindrome%20Linked%20List.cpp)|144 ms|
|258|[ Add Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/)|[C++](./solutions/258.%20Add%20Digits.cpp)|0 ms|

Commit message:

34. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array, 8 ms

README.md, after:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|1|[ Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[C++](./solutions/1.%20Two%20Sum.cpp)|12 ms|
|2|[ Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)|[C++](./solutions/2.%20Add%20Two%20Numbers.cpp)|20 ms|
|14|[ Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)|[C++](./solutions/14.%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix.cpp)|9 ms|
|26|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)|[C++](./solutions/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|20 ms|
|34|[ Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/)|[C++](./solutions/34.%20Find%20First%20and%20Last%20Position%20of%20Element%20in%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|8 ms|
|35|[ Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)|[C++](./solutions/35.%20Search%20Insert%20Position.cpp)|4 ms|
|69|[ Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/)|[C++](./solutions/69.%20Sqrt(x).cpp)|4 ms|
|83|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/)|[C++](./solutions/83.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List.cpp)|8 ms|
|121|[ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)|[C++](./solutions/121.%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock.cpp)|225 ms|
|125|[ Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)|[C++](./solutions/125.%20Valid%20Palindrome.cpp)|4 ms|
|169|[ Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)|[C++](./solutions/169.%20Majority%20Element.cpp)|29 ms|
|206|[ Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)|[C++](./solutions/206.%20Reverse%20Linked%20List.cpp)|8 ms|
|234|[ Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/)|[C++](./solutions/234.%20Palindrome%20Linked%20List.cpp)|144 ms|
|258|[ Add Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/)|[C++](./solutions/258.%20Add%20Digits.cpp)|0 ms|
